How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Answer: The bugs could be easily spotted and fixed.It was less time-consuming and less stressful.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer
in the long term?
Answer: First, this could help you assess the progress you've made over time. Second, it could
help you for a discussion purpose, through which you can explain to a fellow programmer all the
challenges you've faced and how you fixed them. Most importantly, it help you identify where a
particular bug started and allows you to fix it.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you
do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Answer: There could be too many copies of the files, when files are saved automatically, making
them less useful. One could forget to commit and thus lose previous versions of the document
or someone who doesn't know when to commit will end up making several changes before commiting
and thus lose the essence of the commit itself (as the difference between two versions of a file
might not be understood).

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one
commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Answer: Maybe because google docs and related version control systems do not expect files to be
related in such important way, while expects that some variables, functions or methods will span
several different files in a project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
You can use git log to know all the changes that were made and when they were made while you can
use git diff to compare the difference between two files or to highlight the points where the
changes were made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Since, I know it would be quite easy to revert to the previous state of my codes, I would be more
confident to make new changes. To try out new things lol.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I'd be working on a project very soon (In sha Allah) and I hope to use git to allow making of
changes in the project without fear. I also hope to be able to share the project with other
people to review it.