What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Answer: Initializing a repository adds a new hidden file to the directory named .git.
To do this you only need to type "git init" within the directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
Answer: The staging area only contains the files from the working directory that you
want to commit. While the repository contains files that have already been committed.
The staging area ensures that you can select the files from the working directory that
you want to commit and that you don't have to commit all the files in the working director
all at once

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
Every logical change should be added singly from the working directory to the working area.
And each one should be singly committed to the repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?
Answer: When you want to try out something new or something experimental branching out of the
main commit to make your changes is useful. Every branch is given a name for easy identification.
Branches will ensure that the main branch remains intact.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams help to know what commit is derived from what and how the branches are related.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram
the way we do?
Answer: The result is a new commit that contains changes added to or removed from the two
branches. It is represented diagrammatically so that the line of branching and merging can
be easily appreciated

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
The con includes that git cannot tell which of the parts of the two versions of the files
that should be kept but by doing it manually, you can read through the code and decide what
part of the files should be left in the final copy and what part is redundant. Maybe the pros
of automatic merging is that it is fast and you don't have to go into the code to do it
yourself.